---
slug: day-445
title: Day 445
---
> # It has been 445 days since 17 September 2021
>
> ## That's approximately 14.63 months or 1.22 years

My daughter was born 445 days ago. There are so many adjectives you can use to describe her. She's lovely, fulfilling, bubbly, happy, confident (except around vacuums), amazing, smart, cuddly, and inspiring. She's can also be extremely frustrating. Soul suckingly frustrating.



When people tell you about parenting they tell you there are wonderful joys. And rough nights sure, but oh the joys. They tell  you you'll be amazed by their sense of wonder; how they'll pick up every rock with curious, incredulous eyes. And they're right: it is fantastic to see the world anew as they do. It's amazing to see how information is sponged up and quickly learned. But they don't tell you how dull it can be after the 100th rock. How you will need to have an eagle's eye and *constant* focus because your kid is going to try to eat every one of those rocks. They don't say how much energy you spend on *that.* Or constantly, continually, thinking about food for your kid. 



They don't tell you that when you gain a kid you lose yourself in the storm. I'm lucky - I have a happy and healthy daughter, a wonderful partner, a job that has allowed me months off to be primary parent and enough in the bank that we don't need to tightly budget.  But parenting isn't just hard. It's slowly being stretched over the rack, it's a grindstone. 



We haven't figured it out - send help!